[Music]
The human mind can't fully comprehend
what lies in between the world of the
living and the land of the dead. When
you're in between, there's no such thing
as space or dimensions.
There is no up or down. Width, length,
and height are mostly a suggestion,
never a rule. Likewise, time has no
meaning at all.
is only now and after that,
a different now.
You can also be in the now that just
happened, now sometime in the future,
and a now from the very different past.
For those of us who normally exist in a
linear timeline, it's nothing short of a
nightmare. There's no place for the
living or the dead. It's the realm of
the immortals.
We call them demons,
demigods.
The immortals can enter our reality at
will at any point in time or space. The
only mortal beings who can replicate
this feat are the sprites.
They hear the great song of the universe
and they understand the meaning of its
intricate melody. The great song is
generated by the vibration of the
thread. According to the succubus, the
thread was plucked by the finger of the
creator at the exact moment it came into
being.
First came the thread and the song and
then the sprites who were created the
very next instant. All other events in
our timeline began after the sprites
became aware. Their collective
consciousness will be the last thing to
disappear at the end.
The sprites are the official rulers of
all the fa folk and Murkus is their
king.
The sprites have the ability to
manipulate the threat of existence. They
can alter the timeline by interfering
with an event or they can create a new
reality by introducing an event that
otherwise would have never occurred.
They may not be gods or even demigods
for that matter, but they wield enormous
power.
However, for all their incredible might,
the sprites are still mortal. They'll
exist until the end of days. But when
the last gasp of energy flickers out in
the void,
they'll be gone.
The place in between is the realm of
entities that were never alive and
therefore
can never die.
These creatures are familiar with
mundane concepts such as time, space,
mortality, and income taxes, but none of
it affects them.
The immortals either regard us as cattle
to feed their various desires or they
don't regard us at all.
Long story short,
we don't have many friends over there.
In conclusion, it's all way beyond the
understanding of our primitive little
brains. Nonetheless, if you can achieve
a higher state of perception, perhaps
with the help of a skin walker and his
potent psychedelic tea, it may be
possible to break through and enter the
realm of demons. Well, you won't like
it, but you can go there. I wouldn't
recommend this experience, but sometimes
sometimes
you got to do what you got to do. Of
course, I already traveled through the
space in between while shutting back and
forth from the spirit world. But this
time was different. I wasn't just
passing through. I was officially a
visitor in the kingdom of the immortals.
The first thing I noticed was a
brilliant shimmering streak of light.
The thread is the only visible object in
every direction, and it stretches from
the beginning to the very end. Every
event in our timeline at every location.
I was looking at home from a vantage
point that was never meant to be
experienced by a human being. It made me
feel very alone and very
very small.
I was in between the place of demons and
demiggods
and I did not belong there. Some of
these beings harbor a deep hatred for
the living and others are completely
indifferent. A few of them desire our
worship, and a handful of them would
rather skip all that nonsense and just
eat us alive. All in all, it's not a
very safe neighborhood for a guy like
me, and that is an understatement.
Speaking of which, the next thing I saw
was a horrific monstrosity beyond my
wildest imaginations.
It materialized from the void out of
nowhere, filling my entire field of
vision with its terrible form. Imagine
an object the size of a planet hovering
in a fathomless void and staring you
down with a 100 billion eyes. It was so
big I couldn't even understand what I
was looking at. It was just a giggantuan
blob of darkness and evil.
I started to scream and the cosmic
gorgon was abruptly replaced by a
gorgeous woman in a red dress.
It was the actress, Kelly LeBrock,
looking exactly as she had appeared in
the mid80s romcom movie, The Woman in
Red. I had a quick flashback of peeping
around the corner at my parents watching
their grown-up movie on the VCR. The
Woman in the Red Dress made guest
appearances in my dreams for months.
She was eventually replaced by Samantha
Fox after I saw one of her music videos
on TV. Apparently, the woman in the red
dress was still lurking around in my
subconscious because
there she was in the flesh.
I blubbered. You ordered the succubus,
right? I mean, the one from the zoo. She
giggled. There are many demons, but
there's only one succubus. I'm sorry I
gave you a fright, but as I already told
you, my true form is
um it's a bit overwhelming. Do you like
this better?
You used to dream about marrying the
woman in red. You remember that? And
then Samantha Fox came and stole your
heart away. Do you remember how you
would kiss your pillow and pretend it
was her? It made my face flush red with
embarrassment. I mumbled some halfass
denial, and she purred, "You can't lie
to me, dear. I already know the truth.
Anyway, you really shouldn't be here,
silly Billy. Talk about a fish out of
water. I grumbled. This is the last
stitch effort to save the day. Give me a
break. I rubbed my temples and let out a
soft groan.
I was in a place that couldn't even be
defined by the laws of the physical
world, but I was still battling a
headache. I explained to her that if I
couldn't pin the bookman with his true
identity, three things would happen.
One, he would never face any kind of
justice for his crimes. Two, poor little
Catherine would remain trapped in the
world of the living, doomed to suffer
her agony forever. And three, he'd
probably kill me. The bookman wasn't an
ordinary spirit. He served an entity he
referred to as a dark lord, and he had
the ability to transcend the bounds of
reality.
The succubus listened with a sympathetic
expression. She patted me on the chest
and said, "Well, it sounds like you're
about to get murdered. I think you
should just give up and let me eat you.
I mean, you're going to die anyway,
right? One last romp in the hay and then
you're gone." "What do you say, my
love?" I gently pushed her hand away
inside. "No thanks. If the bookman kills
me, at least I can live on in the spirit
world. If you kill me, I'm just gone."
She exclaimed. "Oh, come on. You can't
be serious. Do you not understand just
how long you'll exist in the spirit
world? It's a virtual eternity of being
a dumb, boring little ghost. Just
another sad, lonely spirit, lost in a
sea of the dead. That's no way to spend
a countless millennia, is it? Come to
Kelly.
I'll make it all go away. I slapped her
groping hands and yelled, "Nope. Stop
it. Friaking no for crying out loud. No.
I'm already a boring person in life. So
what does it matter if I still suck
after death?
Look, either you're trying to help me or
you won't. I am willing to negotiate,
but eating my body and soul is
completely off the table. I like
existing even if it blows most of the
time.
The succubus smirked at me and toyed
with my hair. She purrred. "Oh, you
precious little chicken wing. Your blood
is a tad sour, and your sexual
performance was ultimately forgettable.
But that soul of yours, fresh and spicy,
I can smell it. Okay, I'll help you
again. And you'll owe me deeply for this
help again. I'm a demon, Billy, not a
charity.
I gave her a stressed out grin, and I
clasped my hands together in a tight,
trembling knot. I squeaked, "Thank you.
Thank you so much, Miss
What should I call you anyway? I mean,
just referring to you as the succubus,
uh, it seems kind of informal after,
you know,
the sex and the bloodrinking.
The demon gave me a withered look. She
sneered, "Oh, please." That meant
nothing. I was just having a sandwich,
that's all. A bland, boring little
sandwich. But it still hit the spot, of
course, because I was hungry. Don't
concern yourself with my true name. Long
story short, it will far exceed your
limited comprehension.
You're adorable, but you're just a
little guy, Billy. You have adorable
little arms and adorable little legs,
and you have a stupid little brain.
Just don't worry about it.
I felt my face get hot from
embarrassment, I muttered. Um,
I think that was maybe a little harsh,
but okay. Gotcha. So, like I know you
can't tell me the book man's real name,
but I might know a way around that
stupid ass rule. The Dark Lord or
whatever the [__] I think he might be a
demon. Does that name ring a bell? The
Succubus rolled her eyes. I think so.
Yes. There's one demon in particular who
comes to mind. He loves to be woripped.
He influences weak or unstable people to
commit murder. maybe start a cult, all
that sort of thing. If you ask me, it's
much easier to just pluck an erotic
image from their minds and use it
against them. That worship stuff is
really timeconuming and just I don't
know. I suppose it all seems rather
inefficient,
I muttered. Yeah, efficiency is
everything.
Do you think you can help me find this
guy? He probably knows the bookman's
real identity, right? I maybe he can
give me a hint or something. I'm kind of
desperate over here. She arched a well
manicured eyebrow and snorted. I'm not
sure what good it would do, but yeah. I
could. Demons can see it all, hear it
all. We know it all. However, we can't
share that information with the mortals.
I don't know what would happen, but most
of us would rather play it safe. I've
heard the creator has something of a
temper.
I dropped to one knee in front of her
and begged, "Please just give me the
chance to talk to him. I mean, what's
going to happen? You guys are immortal.
Like you're going to be sentenced to the
electric chair.
There are things
far worse than death. She answered in a
somber tone. That's not a very strong
argument. I stamped my foot and groaned.
Please look. If you help me find this
dude, I'll agree to let you do your
thing again. Bang me stupid and drink my
blood. I'll let you have like an entire
pint this time. No, two pints. How much
blood do I need to be alive anyway? Uh,
[__] it. Two. Two pints if you want.
Just please.
A succubus brushed her lips against my
ear as she breathed. Your blood isn't
good enough.
I want something better this time.
Something more
substantial.
I want
your ear.
I want to tear it off with my teeth. She
giggled as I jerked away from her hot,
panting breath. I clapped my hands over
my ear and gasped, "Oh, hell no. Are you
crazy?"
The succubus crossed her arms and
sniffed. "Are you sure?" I will remind
you there's another variable in this
equation that you seem to have
forgotten.
Very shortly, you'll be face to face
with Victor Bonachelli, and he is
furious. He's driving to the zoo right
now, and he's still wearing his pajamas.
He didn't even get dressed before he
left. You are in a lot of trouble.
I felt my heart drop.
In all the general weirdness that was
happening, I forgot about Victor. I had
broken all kinds of rules that night,
and the boss was a stickler for the
rules. He was also dangerously volatile.
My throat suddenly felt tight,
constricted, as if Vic had already
strangled me with his phantom hands. I
croked.
"Can you stop him?"
The succubus rolled her eyes and
groaned. "Nope. I'm afraid not. Victor
has a part of me contained in the
physical world, so he's protected from
my charms. I wish I could tear him apart
like a rotisserie chicken. But still, no
such luck." Len's voice popped up in the
back of my head. It said, "Good going,
Dumbo. You take an easy night shift and
you turn it into your own murder." I
groans. Yeah, this figures.
Oh, [__] it. Let's do it. Okay, I got
nothing to lose at this point. Your ear,
sweetheart. The demon corrected me and
she gave me that predatory smile.
Remember, you're going to lose your ear.
I blinked back a sudden film of wetness
in my eyes. I quavered.
Is it going to hurt like
a lot?
The succubus grabbed me by the shoulder
and gave me a brisk shake. She
exclaimed. Oh, you poor stupid little
chickity. What kind of question is that?
Of course it will hurt, silly. Ears are
very sensitive, but it'll be over
quickly, and I promise to heal up the
wound right after I'm done. You'll be
all better."
The demon released her eye and grip on
my shoulders, and she sternly planted
her hands on her hips. She demanded,
"So, what is it? What do you want to do
here, Billy? Make up your mind. Either
you can be a big brave boy for Auntie
Succubus, or you can be decapitated by
the ghost of a serial killer. Make your
choice.
The look in her eyes scared the hell out
of me. You'd expect a lion to stare at
you like that, but when it's an actress
from the 80s, it hits a lot differently.
It was unnerving. That's a big
understatement. I closed my eyes and
said, "Do it.
In a flash, I was naked and lying on my
back. She pinned my arms down and
panted, "Don't you dare finish too early
this time. Think about baseball or
something."
And when it was over,
she collapsed on top of me. It was like
being smothered by a lead blanket.
Couldn't even draw enough breath to
scream. Her pupils started to rotate
like a time lapse of distant galaxies
against sparks of starlight. A part of
me wanted to get lost in that gaze, but
I fought against it with all of my will.
She crrew, "Piece by piece, I will
slowly consume you, mind, body, and
soul. It'll be like nibbling my way to
the center of a Tootsie Pop." I managed
to weeze. "Nope. Won't eat me." She
snickered. "Is that so?" You should ask
that little puddle fairy about the fate
of her first true love. He thought he
would resist me, but he was wrong. Dead
wrong.
I can't believe she's still mad about
that. Almost 3,000 years later. I swear
the fay can really hold a grudge. I
gurgled. No chance. Done. Never again.
She gave me annoying look. Is that so?
We'll see, won't we? There's no judgment
here, Mr. White Breath. Desire is
everything. The demon lowered her voice
to a breathy whisper.
I can become anyone.
I'll let you do anything you've ever
desired. I can even become that [__]
cartoon girl from the movie about the
rabbit. I know how she made you feel.
Don't lie. I can see your most secret
fantasies.
I can see. I gasped. Okay, stop. Too
far. The succubus patted my cheek. She
purred. Oh, I'm just teasing. It's so
easy to get you all riled up. I just
can't resist. Anyway, let's have that
ear, shall we? She pushed my head to the
side and teeth like razors sank into my
flesh. I couldn't draw enough breath to
let out a scream of agony. It came out
as a faint whistle instead. Uh, I was
then treated to the horrifying image of
a naked Kelly Lab Brock chewing on my
ear, her lips and chin smeared with
blood. I felt my heart seize up in my
chest and I promptly passed out from
shock.
The darkness was good.
It was welcome.
My last thought was,
I'm going to wake up dead.
And then I was gone for a while.
When the darkness departed from my mind,
I found myself lying at the feet of a
giant.
He looked like a member of a Gothic rock
band, but like really [__] tall. This
dude was at least 15 ft from head to
toe. His hair was jet black, his skin
deadly pale. The giant was wearing a
pair of black vinyl pants, matching vest
and a bullet belt. His feet were clad in
leather boots that laced up to his
knees. He was shirtless beneath the
vest, revealing a muscular build, and a
bunch of tattoos, a human skull hung
from his neck by a length of rusty
chain.
Much to my embarrassment,
I was still naked. My clothes were lying
in a messy pile nearby. I hurried to get
dressed, the giant looking on with an
expression of scornful amusement. He
crossed his arms and spoke to me in a
low rumbling voice. I am known to you as
the dark lord, but I have many other
names. I am the thief of innocence, the
bishop of madness, and the stabber of
hope. I have 1 billion names. Yet they
all fall short of describing the true
depths of my evil. Fear me, you pathetic
little bug. Fall to your knees and cry
for your mother.
I gave him a dazed look and sputtered.
Okay, give me a second, okay? I I just
woke up naked, my ears gone. Just chill
out, man.
He gave me a grumpy look and waited as I
wriggled into my Kevlar suit. When I was
done, I looked him up and down and said,
"Okay, so can I ask you a question?
Like, why do you look like that?"
"Like," he demanded. "What are you
trying to say?"
I shook my shoulders and waved a hand at
his outfit. I mean, you look like, I
don't know, Trent Resnor on steroids.
It's kind of like, you know,
is weird.
The dark lord gave me a sullen look. He
snorted. Yeah. So, I don't look like
this for you. I look like this for me
because this is who I am. Is that okay
with you, Dad? Am I grounded or
something? Eat a dick, buddy. I held up
my hand and stammered. Whoa. Okay,
simmer down. I'm just I'm saying I
opened my eyes. There you were like, I
don't know, all goed out and [__] I I
wasn't expecting to see, you know,
that. The dark lord pointed a finger at
me and snapped. Well, I don't need to
measure up to your expectations, do I?
Anyway, you'll hardly want to talk,
grunge rock guy. You're all like, "Wow,
look at me. My hair is hanging in my
face because I'm such an introvert. So
lame." I gaped up at him with my mouth
hanging open. He glared back at me and
then pretended to answer a ringing
phone. Hello. Oh, yeah, sure. I'll tell
him right now. He cuped his hand over
the pretend receiver and yelled, "Hey,
[__] Two years ago called. They
want their goofy hairdo back." I threw
up my hands and yelled, "Okay, okay. I'm
sorry. Jeez. Okay. I I just want to be
over this. Give me the bookman's real
name and I'm gone."
The demon gave me a cold stare.
He sneered.
I wouldn't usually sacrifice a loyal
servant,
but the succubus is
persuasive
politics. You know, she can be a
powerful ally someday. Just my opinion
here, but she's wasting her potential by
being obsessed with matters of the
flesh. I'd much prefer corruption over
consumption, if you get what I mean.
Killing is so messy, undignified. I'd
rather deceive the mortals into causing
each other harm instead of going in
there and doing it myself. I like
keeping my own hands clean.
He gave me a smug grin and I I answered
it with a look of distaste. I said, "I I
don't know, man. I feel like that's
actually like a lot worse to be honest.
I mean, this book guy, right? Uh he
[__] sucks. You might think the [__]
he's done is pretty awesome or whatever,
but you're wrong. Like, okay, just give
me his name. I'll be gone. The demon
gave me a sad look and replied, "What's
the hurry, grunge boy? I don't get a
chance to step out of character very
often. I'm always playing a role. I have
to pretend to be a monster from a horror
movie or an avenging angel or a
malevolent space alien, all kinds of
weird shit." He grinned and added,
"That's a popular one, by the way. The
space alien. I've always been a talking
dog, a telepathic cloud, just, you know,
all kinds of weird [__] But I never get
to be myself. Just like hang out, have a
conversation with someone. It never
happens. It's a shame cuz I'm a really
interesting demon. Do you think I rung
my hands together and pleaded, "Come on,
man. Just let's get real here, okay? I
don't want to hang out with you. Not
ever. You're Well, you're evil.
Can you give me his name, please?
Seriously, I I got to go. He crossed his
arms and growled. It's like that, is it?
Okay, sure. That's fine by me because
you're a little dork and I'm really
[__] cool. But I can't just directly
tell you his name. It's against the
rules and I don't want to piss off the
creator. I've heard he he has a really
bad temper. But I suppose I can give you
a hint.
His
last name rhymes with
um
it rhymes with Bren bra.
It's all I can say.
I rubbed my temples again, desperately
trying to massage my aching brain.
Okay. Um
slowly I murmured.
Bren
Dren
Crrenshaw. Is that it? That's Crrenshaw,
right? Isn't it? The demon dropped an
exaggerated wink and then held up his
hand and said, "Oh, I can't confirm or
deny it. Seems likely, though. He's a
truly evil man with a nasty little black
heart, rotten to the core, just like I
like him." You know, it's funny. For
some reason, he thinks of me as a dog
skull with a body of a serpent. I also
have chunks of quartz in my eye sockets.
Always something really freaking weird
like that, you know. It gets so tedious
sometimes. The demon's voice was fading
away. I was already melting back into a
land of reality. The bookman's name was
burning on my lips. I heard the dark
lord call after me. Fine, get lost.
Wasn't going to tell him about this, but
now I changed my mind. Brace yourself
because he's coming for your head.
I reentered the land of the living just
in time to see the door fly open with a
tremendous bang. It was Vic, surrounded
by a small mob of his henchmen. The
succubus wasn't kidding. Vic had left
the house in his pajamas. He threw on a
bathrobe against the slight chill of the
night air and then he rushed out the
door. Vic's hair was sticking up in
random clumps and his bare feet were
slammed into a pair of fuzzy slippers.
It would have almost been comical except
his eyes were burning with rage. His
face was red as a brick. Keep in mind, I
was still high as a kite in this
reality. Falling skies tea was doing its
thing and I was completely blasted. To
my perspective, my boss was yet another
demon from the nowhere zone. He was the
lord of silk pajamas, surrounded by his
cult of heavily armored fanatics.
It was screamingly absurd and completely
horrifying at the same time. I thought
my head was going to explode. Vic pulled
a pistol from a pocket in his bathrobe
and bellowed, "Drop the rifle, you
Russian piece of [__] Put it on the
[__] floor."
Cass silently laid the rifle down and he
slid it across the floor to Vic with a
nudge from the toe of his boot. Vic
snatched it up and ejected the magazine.
He shook it in the air and yelled, "So,
this is what happens when I'm not
around. This is what happens when my
back is turned."
Vic hurled the rifle across the room. It
whirled through the air end over end and
it bounced off the wall. He aimed the
pistol at Cass and snarled, "Don't get
no funny ideas over there, Stalin. Have
a seat on the edge of the pool."
He glared over at Miss Dalia, who was
kneeling on the floor beside Falling
Sky. Vic motioned at them with his free
hand and sneered. Oh, look here. It's
Lady in a [__] Why aren't you cooling
your heels back in your own habitat,
Chief? What? You got nothing to say?
Come on, witch doctor. Why ain't you
watching TV and smoking your beast pipe?
Falling Sky looked startled when Vic
mentioned his elicit television, but he
remained silent. Vic glanced back at his
guards and sputtered, "He won't talk, so
I guess I'll have to say it instead.
It's because they weren't minding their
own frigin business. See what happens?
Snowballs, doesn't it? Then get out of
hand. A lie becomes two lies and four
lies and snowballs before you know it.
Vic standing here in his [__] pajamas
and he's pissed.
Vic pointed at the water nymph and
boomed. Speaking of lying pieces of
[__] you ain't been exactly truthful
lately, have you? You've been deleting
all the security footage. I [__] knew
it. Now, don't play dumb with me. I know
it's you. And who else could it be, huh?
Those critters out there, they don't
know jack [__] about video cameras, let
alone how to erase a recording. And you
did it again tonight, didn't you? Audio,
video, all gone. I already checked. And
then we got this [__] guy over here.
this ungrateful little prick that can't
keep himself out of trouble.
Vic pinned me with his glare and my legs
started to tremble. He pointed the gun
at me and demanded, "What in the
almighty [__] do you think you're doing,
kid? You trying to release my
poltergeist in the spirit world? My
freaking poltergeist? Mine?"
Vic took a deep breath and he slowly
exhaled.
In a softer voice of his, he said, "Let
me ask you something, goofball.
You have any idea how much money she
brings in?
Do you?"
Vic lumbered closer, his upper lip
wrinkling back in a snarl. He prodded me
with a barrel of the gun.
"Ghosts are freaking rare, you little
douchebag. You know, stories of
hauntings, people talk about, the ones
you see, the the National Inquirer,
unsolved mysteries, they're all complete
[__] This is a scam for the rooms.
Real ghosts. Freaking hell. That's a one
in a million. You hear me? One in a
million. And not only do I have a ghost
on display, I have an honest to god
poltergeist.
The rarest of the rare. People who offer
me thousands of dollars on top of their
admission fee just so they can stay and
watch it for a little longer. right
there on the spot in cash. Talk about
thousands here, Billy. Tens of
thousands. She bags me an extra 70 grand
just last week. Tax-free chatter. Boom.
In my [__] pocket.
Vic leaned even closer. He murmured. So,
I'll ask you again, Billy.
What the [__] do you think you're doing?
I tried my best to meet his ferocious
gaze, but
that was impossible.
His crimson demon face made me want to
start hyperventilating.
I stammered.
I'm I'm sorry, Vic.
It's just uh
Catherine said she's in pain. I mean
all the time, day and night for over a
century. It
it never stops.
Vick Snorton. And so what? She's a
freaking psycho.
Are you for real?
You seriously feel bad for this thing?
She'll beat your head in with a
hairbrush. Am I losing my mind over
here? Who the hell cares if she's in
pain?
I hesitated in the face of Vick's
bewildered wrath,
but in my heart, I knew it had to be
said.
I quickly blurted out,
"You should release her. I mean, yeah,
she's dangerous, but she's just a little
girl, you know? She didn't she didn't
deserve a fate like that. We can make it
right. Just let her
let her go.
My words dried up beneath the red-hot
fury that blazed in Vic's eyes.
He screamed into my face. For the last
time, that ain't no little girl. It's a
ghost. It's not alive, jackass. What the
hell are you talking about?
I attempted to speak, but Vic shushed me
with the barrel of his pistol. He
rasped, "Listen to me, kid.
Here's where I'm coming from, okay? One,
she's freaking dead, deceased, not not
living, gone. That thing ain't human
anymore.
And two,
this place ain't supposed to be the
Garden of Eden genius. It's a zoo. We
showed him monsters in their natural
state just like we found them.
He grabbed me by the chin and forced me
to look him in the eyes. See the guests,
they come in, right? They come in, they
look around, they say, "Wow,
this one's a leprechaun, and this one's
a zombie, and that one's a [__]
dragon, and that one over there,
she's a ghost with her freaking head cut
off." You get it? I'm just displaying
them in their natural state, exactly as
I found them.
Vic looked profoundly disappointed in
me. His favorite little caretaker's
assistant.
He also looked very tired. He stifled a
yawn and said, "I'm no saint." That much
is true, but to my way of thinking, I'm
also doing nothing wrong over here, kid.
And to be very honest, this place is
just another enterprise. It It's my
passion,
but it's also a business. It was created
to make money for me, Victor Bonichelli.
And I I [__] love money. Don't you
understand who I am yet? You [__]
dingdong. I'm a bad guy. I do bad guy
[__] And it makes me money. Believe me,
whatever happens in this zoo,
it's the least of my sins.
I felt my heart sink into the pits of my
stomach.
I understood my boss was a villain, but
it was still disheartening to hear him
say it out loud. Despite his many
serious flaws, a part of me really liked
Victor Bonachelli.
Every now and then, I'd see a brief
flash of a man he should have become if
his circumstances had been different.
I think
that made it a lot worse.
I murmured. Ghost or not, she can think
and she can feel. They all think and
feel, Vic, and they suffer.
Vic patted me roughly on the cheek and
retorted,
"Don't worry about none of that, kid.
Worry about me instead,
cuz I'm trying to keep you alive right
now. Trying my very best to not [__]
kill you."
But you're making me second guess my
decision here, Kabish.
So, let's be done with this, okay? End
the discussion. Moral of the story is
don't ever [__] with Victor's money. the
number one commandment in the book of
Vic. Don't even think about it.
In a cracked, colorless whisper, I said,
"If I don't reveal the book of man's
identity, he'll come after me. He'll
kill me."
Vic flapped a hand at me in a dismissive
gesture. He asked. "Well, you know for
sure." "Hey, maybe he won't bother. And
if he does, well, sounds like a you
problem. Gave you a gun, didn't I use
it? And if that don't work, maybe Cass
will be getting a new partner. All I
know for sure is you ain't revealing the
guy's identity to [__] nobody.
Because if Catherine disappears, so do
you.
Vic patted me on the cheek again. The
impact was a bit softer this time. He
sighed dramatically and said, "You had
good intentions, kid. I understand your
point of view. But doing the right
thing, you know,
it ain't always in your best interests.
Sometimes you got to say, "Nah, [__]
those guys." And do what's best for you.
Wish the whole world could join hands
and sing just like you. But that ain't
going to happen. You got to stop
following your heart. Start using your
brain instead.
I could see Cass sitting against the
edge of the pond in the background. His
expression was blank and neutral.
Looking at him, I had a sudden thought.
How did Vic know so much about what
happened tonight? All the surveillance
footage had been deleted. There was no
video, no audio, nothing. The only
witness to our shenanigans was the
security goon who got roughed up by
Cass. And I doubt he knew much about the
situation with Catherine.
So, how did Vic know exactly what was
going on? Who told him?
And when Vic snapped his fingers in my
face, he barked. Don't look over there.
All right. He ain't going to help you.
Believe me, you're all in deep [__]
right now. And don't be drinking no more
of that tea with that skin walker. Jeez
Louise, your eyes ain't even looking in
the same direction. That [__] scramles
your brain absolutely off limits from
now on, Billy. He stabbed a finger into
my chest and added, "Don't be smoking no
grass around here neither. I know you
kids are all smoking a reefer these
days. Keep your doobies at home.
He turned to the others and commanded,
"Now get back to whatever you're
supposed to be doing, all you'll deal
with this [__] tomorrow. Going back
to bed now."
One of the burly security guards pushed
his way to the front. It was the goon
from earlier that night. His nose was a
slanting, swollen mess. In a nasal tone,
he added, "Hey, oh, hold up a second.
What about me, Victor? Look, look what
the Russian guy did to my face. You
going to let me return the favor?"
Victor fixed him with a cold stare.
He didn't respond for an uncomfortable
length of time.
He just stood there and glared at his
weward minion, breathing heavily. The
silence piled up in layers around them.
And finally, he said, "That ain't going
to happen. I understand your anger,
Tony, but you're speaking out of turn. I
don't owe you nothing like that. I deal
with it myself in my own way."
Tony, the security goon, was much
displeased with his denial. He smacked
his fist into his palm in a show of
impotent rage and yelled, "I'm your
second cousin's godson, Victor. Don't
that mean something around here? You're
going to let me settle up with this
guy?" Victor gave him a serene look and
replied, "You're my second cousin's
godson is true."
The only reason he got this job,
but I don't make your family. See, not
in any sense of the word. I don't speak,
just listen. All right. This roughl
looking bastard over there, he could
have ended you tonight, kid. This guy
was stacking bodies when you were still
in diapers. But here's the good news. He
didn't end you. That's a gift.
Renewed lease on life, if you will. Take
it humbly and learn from it.
Vic pointed at him, his expression still
calm and collected. He said, "But most
importantly, you need to learn how to
shut the [__] up. All right? Don't speak
unless I tell you to speak. Just give me
a quick Yes, sir. Mr. Bony Shelly, do as
you're told. See, right now, you ain't
doing your job. You're supposed to be
protecting this building and everything
inside of it. And that didn't happen,
did it? You ain't doing your [__]
job, Tony. Now you think you can just
start making demands over here? You got
some real nerve, kid. I don't think I
want you around anymore.
Tony was finally starting to understand
what was about to happen. His rage
evaporated into a mist of watering eyes
and quivering lips. He held up his hand
and quavered. "I'm sorry, Vic. I didn't
mean to speak out of turn ever again.
Uh, I I'll do better. Okay, please,
Victor. I'm your second cousin's
godson." Vic muttered, "You ain't nobody
to me"
and shot Tony in the mouth. The young
hoodlm stumbled backwards, a gurgling
scream bubbling through his shattered
teeth.
Vic shot him again in the leg and he
toppled to the floor. The boss casually
strolled over, his free hand tucked into
his bathrobe pocket. He said, "I don't
even like that, cousin, you [__]
dipshit." He shot the man twice more,
aiming for the back of his head.
The gunfire was almost deafeningly loud
in the enclosed space for that reception
area.
The rest of Vick's security goons barely
even flinched. They had all seen it
coming.
Vic wordlessly pointed at the body and
his men sprang into action. As they
dragged away the corpse, Vic looked over
at us and barked. I can't freaking
believe you people. Cass fallen sky.
Miss Dalia.
Well, Billy, you're a different story.
You're still young. Used to have all
those morals and beliefs, all that
stupid [__] with the rest of you.
I thought you were smart."
Vic pulled his bathrobe shut, crossed
his arms tightly over his chest. He
groaned, "I don't know what to say to
you, guys."
You all disappointed me tonight. And
look what happened. I almost lost my
skin walker and my poltergeist. And now
I got to make up some [__] story for
my cousin, too. A second cousin. I don't
like him much. [__] guy is a humorous
prick. Anyway, that's neither here nor
there. I still got to make up a story
and I'll be expected to hand the kid's
parents a fat envelope at his funeral,
which will be paid at my expense, by the
way. You know how much funerals cost
these days? Holy [__]
Just an arm and a leg. They want a lung,
a kidney. Bunch of [__] ghouls. These
funeral home people, I swear they belong
in a zoo.
The chorus of scream suddenly came
echoing from across the dimly lit
expanse of the lobby. There was a
frantic burst of gunfire followed by
another wave of screaming. And then
there was silence.
Falling sky pushed himself up into a
sitting position. He grimaced in pain as
he lifted a paw at the open door.
Someone should close that, he panted.
He's here. Vic squinted into the
darkness. He growled. Who is it? Is that
freaking book guy? The hell's going on?
Something came rolling out of a gloom.
It wobbled to a halt in front of Vick's
slippers. It was a severed head, freshly
sliced from the shoulders of a security
guard. An expression of agonized terror
was frozen on his face. One eye glared
sightlessly at his feet. The other was
missing.
It had been replaced with a chunk of
quartz. Vic yelled something in Sicilian
as he kicked the severed head across the
room. He slammed the door shut and
announced, "All right, guess I ain't
going back to bed just yet."
Miss Dalia looked stunned. He had a
small voice. She asked, "How many men
did he just kill? Nine? 10? That's She
trailed off." Vic nodded and said,
"Yeah, it ain't good. He killed them all
in about 8 seconds, tops. That's not
good at all. Maybe you geniuses
shouldn't [__] with the undead. What do
you think?" Huh? I tell you, sometimes I
wish I could sell this place and
concentrate on the dealership. Ain't no
[__] over there. Just quality
vehicles at an affordable price. I was
freaking the [__] out. The walls were
breathing. The ceiling was closing in.
Everything was wavering around like a
heat mirage. And now I was about to get
killed.
Vic saw the look in my face and pointed
his gun at me. Don't say it. Don't even
[__] think about it. He kills you, I
kill you. Doesn't matter. It's all the
same. But none of it has to happen, kid.
You know why? Cuz Vic just got himself a
plan. He ran into his office and came
back with something that looked like a
bazooka. He said, "It's a net gun. Got
it made special just for times like
this. We got to nab this [__]
while we got a chance. He's a ghost.
Things go wrong, he just disappears.
Nah, we got to lure him in right now."
I already knew where this was going. I
said, "I'm not going to like this plan
very much, am I? Who [__] cares what
you like?" Vic snapped back. He wants
you, not us. With you gone, his identity
safe. So, we're going to stick you out
there and use you as bait. Okay. When he
comes to get you, I hit him with the net
gun. Net was treaty with a coating of
pure silver. When it lands on him,
that's it. We got him and he won't be a
problem no more. A horrible idea came
burbling to the surface of my mind.
Slowly, I asked,
"Are you
are you planning on displaying him?"
"Oh, hell yeah." Vic boommed cheerfully.
"You better believe it. Real ghosts are
rare and a poltergeist is a needle in a
haststack. But this [__] guy, a
serial killing demon worshipping
[__] like him. Forget about it.
Money in a bank.
He wrapped his beefy armor around my
shoulders and said, "Picture it, Billy.
The demonic serial killer and his
victim. Both of them right here side by
side. That dynamic will be worth a
fortune, kid. I tell you, if we pull
this off, it'll make me forget all about
your little transgressions here tonight.
Not to mention all those guys who got
freaking killed, right? Le Paul is back
in New York. He'll be giving me hell
about that on Monday. You better believe
it.
Vic shushed me with a barrel of his
pistol and said, "No, don't even try it.
I ain't asking over here, okay? I'm
telling. Stand there out in the lobby."
Maybe 15 ft or so from the door. That's
it. I'll do the rest. He looked back at
the others and shook his finger at him.
Everyone else keep their opinions to
themselves. This ain't a democracy.
Vic unlocked the door and eased it open.
He kept his hand to his mouth and yelled
into the darkness, "Hey, book man, how
about you and I make a deal, huh? I give
you Billy. In return, you leave the rest
of us alone. No one else knows your
identity, just a kid. What do you say?"
Huh? You You could take him and go. I
don't give a [__] No odd feelings.
Out of nowhere, I was abruptly seized by
a fit of giggling. The tea washed over
me in a thick, sludgy wave, and now the
room was absolutely humming with
transcendent energy. I suddenly
understood I could be in love with Miss
Dalia and it would be okay. Nothing
matters but light and love. Vic gawkked
at me in disbelief. He sputtered. What?
What are you laughing for? Get it
together, you freaking space cadet. Be
ready to move when I tell you to move,
cuz I only got one shot at this prick.
So if you both wind up in the net
together, that's not my problems. gone.
Get out there.
He shoved me into the lobby and the
uncontrollable giggling started to a
halt.
The bubble of euphoria abruptly popped
and I was filled with dread. The shadows
danced and whirled in sinister patterns
and the floor rolled beneath my feet.
I was certain I was about to die.
I urgently whispered, "Sheriff Blotto, I
need your protection like right now.
Please, please, please don't let me get
murdered.
It was dead silent in the lobby. I could
hear a clock on the wall, steadily
worring the seconds away. I was almost
vibrating with adrenaline. Behind me,
Vic quietly growled, "What the hell is
he waiting for, Christmas? Come on, you
[__] [__] Kid's right there. Come
get him."
Seconds stretched into minutes. My legs
were trembling so badly, I thought I was
going to fall over. I was a brief moment
away from saying, "Fuck this shit." and
begging Vic to let me back in. But then
I heard a familiar sound out in the
thick of the gloom.
There was the muffled scrape of a shoe
against the floor. Steps were
approaching. I shot a quick look back at
Vic, blinking against the sweat that was
suddenly pouring down my forehead. The
net gun was propped up against his
shoulder, and his finger was on the
trigger. The footsteps were drawing
closer, but I couldn't see anyone
approaching. weakly I called out, "Hey,
is that you?
Hey,
show yourself, you [__] weirdo."
From somewhere down by my knees, a gruff
voice answered.
"Watch who you're calling, weirdo, young
fell. I'll go save someone else's life.
How's that sound?" I looked down and saw
Blotto's weathered face scowlling up at
me. I started babbling a frantic
apology, but he waved it off and said,
"It's fine. Don't worry about it. I've
heard worse. Have you ever tried to sort
out a domestic dispute between an ogre
and his wife? This one time, the wife
had her husband in a chokeold when I got
there. So, I took her down and chained
her arms. And as soon as he caught his
breath, the husband jumped up and
started throwing haymakers at me with
those ham-sized fists while I was
struggling to get his arms behind his
back. The wife snuck up behind me and
kicked me in the groin. She kicked me so
hard I was launching in the air like a
rocket, smashed through the ceiling,
landed in their attic. Uh, my poor
little acorn swelled up to the size of
tennis balls.
Vic called out, "Who you talking to over
there?" And he came storming into the
lobby like a thundercloud. He pointed at
Sheriff Blottto and demanded, "Who the
hell is this? What is a gnome? What the
What the [__] is there a gnome out here,
Billy?" Blatto gave my boss a look of
weathered contempt. He said, "My name is
Sheriff Blotto. I'm an agent of law
enforcement in the service of Murkus,
king of the sprites." Vic rumbled.
You're a pig, ain't you? Then why are
you here, baby bacon? You get a warrant
from the Sprite King, huh? If not, go
[__] yourself. You ain't welcome here.
I was horrified. I asked Vic. You You
can't talk to him like that. Vick
sneered. Sure I can. Why not? I got no
respect for cops. The whole reason for
this existence is to be a huge pain in
my ass. [__] them all. Blotto jabbed his
finger in the air between them and
retorted, "If you weren't such a low
life, you wouldn't have had to worry
about the law. You're an infamous
scoundrel, Victor Bonachelli. The spirit
world will not be kind to you. Vic
grinned at me and said, "Yeah, you see
that, Billy? Even the sprites know about
Victor Bonachelli. Look, Flatfoot, I
don't know why you're here, but I got
the situation under control. Don't let
the door hit your ass on the way out."
BL gave him a serene look and replied,
"Billy was about to be murdered. By the
order of King Murcus, I can't allow that
to happen. Billy is one of his royal
subjects. Vic gaped at him for a second,
his lips twitching as he tried to make
sense of the information.
He wheezed. [__] what? What the What
you talking about, Blippo? This guy?
This [__] guy right here? What the
hell did that happen?
Blotto gave him a cold stare. He said,
"King Murka sees value in his existence.
I'm sworn to protect his life."
Vic suddenly looked a bit uneasy.
He put on a greasy smile and boom. Now
hell, I wasn't going to hurt him. I'm
pretty steamed at the goofy little [__]
right now, but I wasn't going to hurt
the guy. I was just trying to use him to
lure a ghost into a trap. This ghost I'm
talking about now. He's a real
scoundrel, right? I was going to, you
know, contain him, make sure he couldn't
hurt nobody else. What are you going to
do, Johnny Law Man? You going to kill
him or something?
The gnome replied crisply. No, I can't
do that. He's already dead. My presence
was all that was needed here tonight.
The fiend is already gone.
Vic looked deeply disappointed. With his
nutgun dangling at his side in a
dejected manner, he asked, "So, is that
it? Guy's gone forever?"
Blotto snorted. He's a ghost. He can
disappear and come back at will. When he
does, if it's necessary, of course, I'll
prevent him from taking Billy's life.
That's about all I can do. Spirits can't
be punished by the laws of the living.
The dead rule their own house. Lotto
turned to me with a solemn expression.
He said, "Take care, Billy. Continue to
be good in heart and good in deeds.
Never be afraid to do what's right." He
shot a disgruntled glance at Vic before
turning his back on him. He said,
"Victor Bonachelli, it was not a
pleasure to meet you. Change your ways,
sir, and make amends to those you've
wronged. Thick snile, get [__] and
shot in him the finger as he walked off
into the darkness.
Before he disappeared,
Blotto called out, "There is a mess of
severed heads and body parts out here.
Your men, I presume? Is this what you
refer to as having the situation under
control? What a shameful display? You're
not a leader, Victor. You're a dictator.
Vic yelled some colorful insults back at
him, but Blotto was already gone.
Vic whirled around and glared at me with
bloodshot eyes. He snapped, "Get back
out there, Billy. We ain't done yet." So
those guys, they were connected to the
family. That's going to be at least
three more funerals I got to cover.
Coffin, burial costs, flowers, catering
for the reception after it, more
envelopes, all that [__] You cost me a
fortune or night, I'm getting it back
one way or another.
Quietly, I said,
"No, I'm done here. I don't belong. I'm
just I can't keep doing this [__] you
know? I'm sorry, man. I'm [__] done.
I'll stay until the end of my shift and
I'm gone. My life's completely [__]
It's all because of this zoo. I want my
old life back. I want things to be
normal again." Vic grunted, "Nope. No
can do, kiddo. You know too much you
know about me. That's bad enough. You
also know about the monsters. That's
even worse. You know, too [__] much
in general. Nah, that can't happen.
We're sticking to the original plan,
kid. And you better pray that ghost
comes back to finish the job cuz I need
him.
My resolve was already crumbling.
I could see Cass lurking in the doorway
from the corner of my eye, silently
watching,
judging me, no doubt. In a wavering
voice, I squeaked.
You You can't hurt me, Vic. I have the
protection of the Sprite King.
There's nothing stopping me. I'm
I trailed off as a huge enormous
realization surfaced in my mind.
I was virtually death proof. Nothing
could kill me. My guardian gnome would
put a stop to it by any means. That
chemical euphoria surged in my veins and
I cackled. I'm I'm invulnerable now,
[__] Watch this. I sprinted directly
at the wall, much to my dismay. I
slammed into the concrete and hurt
myself quite terribly.
My face hit the wall with a horrible
smack and I saw a flash of light behind
my eyes. I tumbled to the floor, my nose
spewing a violent gush of blood, and I
clapped my hands over my face.
Vic looked down at me, his expression
somewhat between startled and amused. He
poked me with a net gun and chuckled. He
never said you couldn't get hurt, you
[__] fry head, especially if you're
the one doing the hurting. But your tiny
gnome cop did say you couldn't get
killed. The big difference.
Vic hauled me to my feet. He pulled a
wad of tissues from his robe and stuffed
them into my hands. And clean yourself
up. I got allergies, so I always carry a
bunch of tissues around. Hey, they ain't
been used. All right. They're all mashed
up in my pocket, that's all. It's not
like I was jerking into him or
something. What you take me for? Go on,
wipe your face.
Vic leaned closer and squinted at me in
the dim light. He murmured. All right,
let's see. Nah, your nose ain't broken.
Told you them drugs mess up your brain.
Just look at a skinw walker. That guy's
that guy's a burnout.
Spend most of his time staring at a lava
lamp blowing smoke rings. You don't want
to end up like that. The gush of blood
from my nose was violent, but it was
brief. I shoved the bloody wad of
tissues into a pouch in my utility belt
and said,
"I don't want to end up like that cuz
I'm leaving." I started to walk away and
Vic called after me. The gnome didn't
say nothing about other people, did he?
I froze in my tracks. I then stomped
over to face him. My hands were clenched
in the fists. I demanded, "What do you
mean by that?" Vic gave me an
exaggerated shrug. What do you think I
mean? I'm just saying he never mentioned
nothing about protecting anyone but you.
So I guess I could turn my attention to
someone else, right?
Someone important to you. I felt the
blood drain from my face. I sputtered.
You do that, Vic. And I'll I'll Vic
roared. You'll do what? Tough guy. Huh?
What? You go to the public about the
zoo? You have any idea what would happen
to the cryptids if you blew the whistle?
No. No. Neither do I, but I bet you it
wouldn't be good. What else you got?
Huh? You rat me for being a gangster,
huh? You think the cops already know
about that? Of course they do. They just
got to be able to prove it in the court
of law. They can't do that. They tried.
Believe me,
I snarled. I I I'd kill you if that's
what I had to do. I I'd find a way. Vic
sneered. Oh, speak of laws. You're a
royal subject, so you got to follow the
rules of your kingdom. You know, I know
the laws of the Fay almost as good as
our own, kid. I know for a fact you
ain't allowed to commit no murder.
Killing for revenge is also strictly
forbidden. If you manage to take me out
somehow, you'd find yourself sitting for
a jury of your peers. Only thing is
those so-called peers would all be
gnomes and fairies and [__] like that.
The fa folk don't like us very much.
Most of them think we're all pieces of
[__] They'd pronounce you guilty and
you'd be dangling by the neck for
sunrise.
That little tidbit shut me up right
smartly.
I hadn't given much thought about what
it meant to be a royal subject. Of
course, it would be my civic duty to
uphold and obey their laws. Vic saw the
blood drain from my face and he gave me
an unpleasant smile. He said, "You know,
there's a place I know, a farm out in
the middle of nowhere, 200 acres, corn
fields, woods. I do whatever I want to
out there.
No one will hear or see a thing.
anything you could imagine.
You'd never know what happened to him
and it would eat you alive.
A sludgy wave of despair rolled over my
soul.
As predicted, I [__] it all up. I
didn't save Catherine. Hell, I didn't
even save myself. Instead, my
scatterbrain [__] got a bunch of
people killed.
Didn't matter if they were good people
or bad people. Either way, their blood
was on my hands. My friends were all in
hot water for helping me out. Now, my
parents were in danger, too. On top of
all of that, a random necromancer from
Damascus wanted me dead. And and the
spirit of a perverted serial killer also
wanted to kill me. The fact that they
would be unable to accomplish this goal
was somewhat comforting, but still, no
one likes it when other people want them
to die. It's a huge bummer.
Despite my best efforts, I somehow kept
making things worse at every turn.
There's simply no way out from beneath
Victor Bonelli's looming thumb. I was
stuck.
Vic patted me on the shoulder. He said,
"I ain't mad at you, kid. I mean, I'm
mad, sure, but not like mad mad, you
know? I'm a bad guy. Don't mean I'm
stupid. I can see you're trying to do
the right thing, you know. Just forget
about all that crap, okay? Forget about
right and wrong. Come in, do your shift,
make your money, enjoy your life. It's
all you got to do. Let's catch this
freaking ghost and we'll forget any of
this ever happened.
Our conversation was interrupted by a
scream from inside the reception area.
Cass pulled out a squirt gun and yelled
over his shoulder, "Victor, come
quickly."
Vic and I both hustled into the room. I
felt his malignant presence before I saw
it. He was the bookman. He had Miss
Delilah clutched in front of him, and he
was holding his knife against her
throat. The skin walker was hunched
against the side of the pool, bearing
his fangs in a wide snarl. He was too
injured to do anything else. The bookman
showed his rotting teeth in a learing
grin. He said, "I shant be withered away
behind the walls of your prison, Mr.
Bonichelli.
At the end of days, I will rule the
chaos at my master's side. Drop the
infernal contraption in your hands or
the nymph will lose her head. I
screamed, "Let her go." and tried to
rush him. Cass grabbed me and dragged me
back. He whispered into my ear, "Think
before you act. You need a plan." The
bookman smirked at me and said, "Your
life is safe from all but the immortals.
This is true, but as Mr. Bonichelli
shrewdly pointed out, "This protection
does not extend to someone you love.
There is only one thing you can do to
save her, Billy. You must forever
silence your own tongue. Take your own
life and I will allow her to live. You
can't speak my name faster than I can
cut her throat." Vic shouted, "Yeah, go
[__] yourself, douchebag. We don't
negotiate with no terrorists."
Miss Dalia was frozen with fear. I could
see a thin trickle of red oozing from
the spot where the knife had pressed
into her neck. She was strong, but the
bookman was much stronger. She
whimpered. Don't do it, Billy. My life
isn't worth more than yours. Vic
hollered. What? You better believe your
life is worth more than this idiot.
Hell, you cost me almost a million
bucks, lady.
The bookman's eyes blazed in their
cavernous sockets. He said, "The fay do
not have a place in a spirit world. You
will never see her again.
Vic was beside himself with rage. He
dropped the netg gun and screamed, "Let
her go, [__] I I'll fight you right
now, man. Man, [__] come get some,
pussy."
I felt like I was going to throw up. A
plan? I I needed my dumb [__] brain
to spit up a plan. What? What could I
do? What? I looked over where falling
was crouched against Miss Delila's pool,
and I suddenly it suddenly clicked. I
turned to Vic and mumbled, "He'll be
right back." I walked over to stand next
to Fallink Sky and announced, "Well,
this is it. You won, Mr. Bookman. I'll
see you on the other side." Falling Sky
gave me a questioning look. I patted his
furry head and told him, "Don't worry,
man. I'm going to visit your ancestors
real quick."
I shot a meaningful glance at Miss
Delilah. And then flipped over the side
and fell into the pool. My heavy boots
and kevlar suit dragged me to the
bottom. I thought, "Oh, here goes
nothing." And I let the hazy water rush
into my lungs.
It was a horrible feeling. I thrashed
around to the bottom for a while and I
felt myself fading away. And then
I was gone.
I was in the spirit world.
As usual, I was greeted by a dense,
lifeless fog in every direction. This
was the veil of my own ignorance,
obscuring the truth and clouding my
sight. In the spirit world, you don't
perceive your surroundings with your
eyes. You see them through your mind.
So, I imagined a time long before my own
pagionators ever set foot in the new
world. There was no roads, no cities, no
pizza parlors or movie theaters. The
entire continent was an unspoiled
landscape of arid plains and deep
forests, tall mountains and flowing
rivers.
This was the world that belonged to the
ancestors of falling sky.
I hollered into the burning sun.
Ancestors of falling sky, c can you hear
me?
The whispering wind broke my ear. The
voice sounded suspiciously like a bunch
of Navajo warriors who are barely able
to contain their laughter. It said,
"Billy Whitebread, the demon slayer. You
speared the succubus, and you live to
tell the tale." A small crowd of Falling
Sky ancestors gathered around me, all of
them grinning from ear to ear. One of
them explained, "Here he is, boys, the
man, the myth, the legend." They all
started laughing and elbowing each
other. I waved my hands frantically to
shush them and said, "Look, look, I
don't have much time, okay? I'm dead
right now. Hopefully that changes in a
minute or two, but I need a favor from
you guys."
I was approached by the tall, somberl
looking warrior I had spoken to last
time. He gripped my hand and said,
"Anything for the demon slayer. Teach us
your ways, oh great mighty hunter. Teach
us how to pull some of that demon
booty."
That got them all cracking up again.
Someone called out from the back of the
crowd, "That must have been crazy,
right? Give us the details."
I shushed them again, and I spoke
urgently about a wolf who disguised
himself as a shepherd. They explained
what I would do if I was allowed to
return to the living. Their rowdy good
cheers soured as I spoke to them, and it
morphed into smoldering rage. The tall
warrior gave me a grave nod and said,
"It would be our pleasure.
We'll be waiting." I gave him my
sincerest thanks, and I was suddenly
coughing up a lung full of water.
I was lying on the floor in our
reception area, and Miss Dalia was
looking down at me with tears in her
eyes. She gasped, "I did it. He's
breathing. Vic's broad, sweaty face
loomed in view. He rased, "You crazy son
of a [__] I was pretty smart, you know
that. That was really freaking clever."
I drew in a painful lung of air, and I
was racked by another coughing fet.
When it was over, I cried.
"Where is he?" Vic motioned to the
ceiling with a sad look in his eyes.
"He's gone." Back to the spirit world, I
guess. Burns my ass. I didn't get him
for the zoo. But it ain't over yet. If
you ain't dead, I'm sure I'll be back.
Here's what I'm thinking. Okay, he'll
put you in a big cage made with silver.
You know, I rig up a bunch of those net
guns, motion sensors. When he comes in
to get you, boom, he's mine. No worry.
I'll put a cot in there so you can
sleep. Chemical toilet. Yeah. Curtain,
comfy chair, maybe a TV. They don't
sound terrible, but it won't be so bad.
Do you like those video games? Yeah.
Your young people, they love the the
video games. Am I right? I'll get you
one of those game consoles I see in a
commercial. How does that sound?
I dragged in another tortured breath and
I choked. The book man is William Finley
Krenshaw. He murders women and children.
He murdered Catherine.
A demented howl of rage emanated from
the thin air around us, and it was
silent again. Vic's eyes widened in
shock. He dropped to his knees and
grabbed me by the arms. He sputtered,
"You little piece of [__] What'd you do
that for? After everything I told you in
the lobby, why?
Because Catherine doesn't deserve any
more ping. I wheezed. I started coughing
again. Victor jumped up and roared. A
[__] hell. Ptergeist.
He scrambled out the door and broke into
a heavy set jog. He was heading for the
employee entrance to the service
tunnels. After he was gone, everyone
stared at me with a kind of morbid
fascination. I pulled myself to my feet
by the edge of the pool and I demanded
What?
What are you people looking at?
Cass murmured. That was very brave,
Billy Whitebred. But your bravery will
cost you dearly.
I chuckled a bit to myself, still
clinging to the retaining wall of the
pool. Without looking at him, I asked,
"Is it you, Cass? Are you the snitch?
Tell me the truth, man." Cass silently
weighed his answer.
Quietly, he said, "Sometimes things are
not as they first appear. Remember
that."
I weakly replied, "Well, I really hope
it's not you, Cass, cuz I'll tell you
something, man.
I don't know if I believe that."
There was another uncomfortable silence.
Cass was looking at me with that stoic
nonexpression, unreadable and
unknowable. The tension was broken by
the sound of Vic slippers clapping
rapidly across the marble floor. Falling
Sky backed away into a corner, his first
standing on end. He said, "The time of
reckoning has come, Billy Whitebred. Be
brave. Pray for the best." Vic burst
into the room and hollered. "You dirty
[__] [__] She's gone,
you little prick. I can't find her. She
got released into the spirit world. Now
she's gone." I closed my eyes and
breathed. "She's free.
Rest in peace, little angel." Vic almost
purple with rage. He hauled out his
pistol and started aiming it at me. And
then he let loose a scream of rage and
threw it instead. And the gun sailed
over my head and clattered across the
floor. He roared, "I'll kill your mom
and dad. I'll kill your aunts and
uncles. I I'll kill your freaking
kindergarten teacher you sack of dog
[__] [__] you."
Calmly, I replied,
"I don't think you will, Vic." Vic
charged across the room to loom over me,
breathing in huffs and snorts like a
bull. He barked. "Oh, is he that so? Why
the [__] not? Tough guy, huh? Who's
going to stop me?
I answered gently.
No,
just you cuz you know what was wrong. I
mean, you're a bad guy, but you're still
a human being. You have a heart in there
somewhere. You have a conscience.
She's free now. Vic, let her go. Let her
be free.
Vic stared down at me, his eye
twitching.
Slowly, the crimson flush of red drained
from his face
and his breathing returned to normal.
He murmured.
You ballsy little bastard. I
Oh, I can't [__] believe you. I can't
[__] it.
Okay. Nah. Sure.
I guess I made my investment back over
the years. I I can't deny it.
Made it back in spades. And that's the
only thing that's going to save you
here. You get it? Doing what's right.
That'll mean [__] to me, Billy. It's
dollars and cents first, then pride, and
that's it. Everything else is [__]
His mouth silently moved as he tried to
work out what he wanted to say next. But
Vic wasn't the kind of guy who could
easily convey his emotions with words.
Finally, he threw up his hands and
exclaimed, "Nah, [__] me. There's
something else. I can't [__] believe
you, kid. You actually [__] died for
Miss Dolly over there. What am I
supposed to say to that? Huh? I mean,
[__] What am I? Hey, the [__] happened
to you?"
I shifted uncomfortably under his
searching eyes.
I shrugged and said, "Lost it on the
other side. It's It's dangerous over
there. Vic made a disgusted noise in his
throat. And you know what? Whatever. I
don't even care what happened. Just
leave, okay? Go home for the rest of the
week. I don't want to see your stupid
face again till next Monday. He turned
to the others and said, "Rest of you
guys, go back to wherever you're
supposed to be. [__] stay there. This
ain't over, by the way. I don't know how
I'm going to handle this [__] just
yet. This ain't over. Miss Dalia, get
your lion ass back into the water. Cass,
take the skin walker to his habitat. Go
back to the front entrance when you're
done. And I'm going to call in some
people, clean up this mess in the lobby,
and you're going to help him pick up the
pieces.
Vic looked back at me and growled.
Yeah, what you standing there for,
idiot? Oh, your change. Get the [__]
out.
As I was walking to the door, Miss Dalia
suddenly came running after me. She gave
me a brief, tight little hug and
whispered into my mutilated ear. You're
a hero, Billy. Go home and get some
rest. You deserve it. Vic shouted,
"That's enough with all that mushy
stuff. All right, I told you I don't
approve. Get out of my sight, Billy."
I walked across the lobby with the
sensation of Miss Dalia's sweet breath
still tingling in my brain.
I had already fallen deeply and
desperately in love with her. I'd never
been in love before.
Felt amazing. Felt like fizzy bubbles in
the pit of my stomach.
The glow in my chest couldn't erase the
trauma from the unspeakable horrors I'd
faced that night. But
I'm not going to lie,
came pretty damn close.
Love is light. Drives the shadows back
to the corners of your soul.
And love is life.
Love is everything.
I was still too [__] up to drive, so I
left my car in the parking lot and
started walking. Vic remotely buzzed the
gate open from his office. He flicked on
the intercom and his voice crackled. I'm
going to tow your piece of [__] car to
the dealership. You can come get it
after work on Monday night. Hit the
road. The walk home was long and
strange. I traversed a twisting
landscape of shimmering street lights
and dangling stars. By the time I got
there, I was starting to come down from
the tea. It was an immense relief to be
almost sober again. I was incredibly
tired and I felt worn out right down to
my skeleton. I was ready to sleep for a
thousand years. To my surprise, I found
Len waiting for me outside my apartment
building. I hadn't seen or spoken to him
in weeks.
Attentively said, "Hey, man. How are
you? I haven't seen you in a while. Not
Not since then.
I let the rest of it hang in the air
between us. He pitched a cigarette into
the street and rumbled, "Long time no
see. You really [__] me over that day,
Billy."
Me, I'm not the kind of guy who lets
that sort of [__] slide.
Neither does Victor.
I grimaced and said, "Yeah, I get that.
I'm sorry about what happened, man.
Like, for real, but I had to see Cass,
you I had to make sure he was going to
be okay. [__] guy was playing Russian
roulette for crying out loud.
Glenn gave me a sour smile. He let out a
deep breath and said, "Yeah, I get it.
You're a decent kid. You ain't no little
[__] Never would have thought and be
looking at you, but know what they say
about books in their covers."
He put a heavy hand on my shoulder and
cleared his throat. Anyway, I'm not here
to make small talk. I just had a
conversation with your guardian. You
know, the little gnome with the badge. I
explained the whole situation to him in
further detail. Long story short, we
worked something out. I I gave him a
weary look and asked, "What do you mean?
What did you?" Len suddenly yanked me
closer and he drove his knee square into
my balls. The impact almost lifted me
off the sidewalk. The pain was a jolt of
electricity to every fiber of my being.
I dropped like a stone. Len said. That
was for the [__] you pulled tonight at
the Zoom. Dumb [__] move, kid. Real
dumb. Len reached down and delivered a
resounding slap across the top of my
head. Stars exploded behind my eyes. And
that's for screwing me over. You don't
[__] with Len and expect to get away
with it. You're lucky I can't kill you,
[__] cuz I would strangle you with
my bare hands. Don't you ever [__] with
me again.
then walked away without uttering
another word, leaving me to rise around
in agony on the sidewalk.
When I could finally stand again, I
lurched into the building and hauled
myself up the stairs to my apartment. I
pried a bag of frozen peas out of the
iceberg in my freezer
and rested it against my crotch in bed.
All the good feelings were gone.
I plunked a pillow over my face to help
block out the rising sun. And
I cried myself to sleep.
So, what became of the bookman ban, you
ask? Well, I'm pretty sure I witnessed
his fate in my dreams. The ancestors
were waiting for him just as they had
promised. They surrounded him in a
circle as he cowered, begging for mercy.
They pulled out their daggers one by
one. The ghostly warriors took turns
carving out a piece of flesh, an eye,
his nose, a couple of fingers, his [__]
After everyone had their turn, the
shrieking, butchered mess of a man
became whole once more. Because no one
can die in the spirit world. When he was
fully healed, they did it again
and again.
I also saw Catherine in my dreams. She
was running through a sunlit meadow with
childish delight, and her head was still
on top of her neck where it belonged.
She was accompanied by a whirling
entourage of songbirds and butterflies.
She waved to me and
and then she was gone,
skipping through the long grass into the
horizon.
She wasn't in pain anymore.
She was at peace.
[Music]
I had fallen asleep crying in wretched
misery, but I woke up with tears of joy
streaming down my face.
Was it all worth it? Yeah,
I'd do it again in a heartbeat.
I may have been a hero that night, but a
hero's story doesn't always have a
dignified ending. Reality is sloppy and
painful. Sometimes heroes [__] up and
get knee in the balls. All you can do is
drag yourself off the sidewalk, put a
bag of frozen veggies on your swollen
nuts and
and cry yourself to sleep.
Because a hero isn't someone who always
wins, dear reader.
A hero is someone who tries to do what's
right,
no matter the cost.
And if you're lucky,
the universe
will allow you to wake up to a better
tomorrow.
If you enjoyed hearing the bookman or
any other tales from Bonesavic's
cryptozoological garden, please check
out the link in the description down
below to TWW Grim's Patreon. Supporting
him on Patreon allows him to be able to
write more parts like this as little
side stories for Bonesaw Vic and also
allows him to write Bonesaw Vic. So,
thank you all so much for listening and
sweet dreams. Thank you guys so much for
being supporters. That goes for
everybody who was down in the
description as well as asset system,
ball arms the rat, Blake Rattler,
Brandon Mendoza, Rena Crow, Brimstone,
Pandemonium, Kaluna, Chain Smoker
Dealer, Chicago Hitman, Cory Kent,
Cronut 508, Crusader Choco, Curs
Primark, Dakota Best, Bangal Pson, Dante
Concade, Diana Krauss, Ellie Hutmire,
Enchanted Buns, Estamine, Jenna, Hades
nephew, Timbo Jerry, Our Minute Seconds
Time, Jay Ke Jisp, Jordan Humble, King
Crab, Mr. Marcus Blitz, Old Penguin,
Peaceful Buddha, Psycho, Red Shadow Cat,
Remember the Sun, Rinku Star, Salty
Surprise, Samine, Secclude, Simba's
Bloody Mojo, Sky Harbor, Smiley
Psychotic, Sully Man, Taly Sue, The
Chavez Brothers. Thank you so much. And
honestly, thank you to everybody, even
those guys that are in there for just
$1. It really helps me out. Once again,
that's patreon.com/mrvypasta.
Or if you guys like to just listen,
honestly, that helps me out a lot, too.
Thank you guys so much for being here.
Thank you for listening. Thank you for
watching. In sweet dreams.
[Music]